So I already told you it's helpful to, like, reuse your code within a loop.
But, you know, if you find yourself writing code, that's exactly the same, like maybe you originally
did make a script that went and had all these hard codes in it and renamed each one individually, then
its--that would be a good time to consider using a loop.
Or maybe you've written some code that's not exactly the same, but it's, you know, pretty similar...
you could add a loop statement there and then just add some if/else conditionals to check for certain
things.
Anytime you write a script, you might be needing to reuse some of that code, even if it's for
like a completely different project.
So in general, you want to try to recreate or write reuseable generic code.
And if you're doing scripting for work, that's not always possible.
And sometimes you just need to paste all your commands into a script and run it.  That can work,
but it's also fragile.
And if you're using hard codes, it's more likely to break.
But the takeaway here is that while you're scripting this: to think about not repeating yourself while
you're writing code, and if you are, it's time to use a loop.